1. Version control (Git)
Git provides a systematic way for a team to work together on codes. It provides branches which a developer could work on the code base and make commits without affecting the master branch. It also enables a team to rollback to a previous version should there be a need to. In a team product development environment, small and regular commits into a side branch is preferable.

2. QA / Testing
There are various form of testing for a web browser, one is a manual testing, and the automated testing, there are unit tests and integration test. A popular approach is TDD, whereby developers will write tests that will fail first, then develop to make the test pass. If need to they will refactor the codes and repeat. The benefits of automated testing is that we can ensure high coverage of our code base. And it is easier for a team to ensure the quality of the code. A few of the common browser test suites are mocha, chai and jest. I used mocha very briefly and am currently brushing up on my understanding of jest and browser testing.

3. Security
When there is a point of user interaction, there is a point of vulnerability. Security issues are injection to database through user inputs, the way to prevent is to validate the inputs and parse it to sanitize the data via form validation and regex. The other vulnerability is the user password system. To ensure password security, there could be a frontend validation for the minimum password length. Passwords stored are to be salted and hashed. There is the https protocol, whereby the communication between the sender and recipient is encrypted. This is done by getting a valid SSL certificate.

4. HTML, CSS, JavaScript
These are the basic building blocks to the front end of any website. HTML provides the markup, CSS provides aesthetic presentation and javascript is the controller for interaction of the website. All modern website compile down to these 3 building blocks. For modern web development, there is SASS, a compiler for CSS. And depending on the requirements of the website, there are different javascript framework that could be utilised. Nowadays, CSS could be written as CSS-in-JS, and be build on as a component. There are benefits to various methods of working, it will be dependent on the dynamic and preferences of the team in this regard as to which style and framework to use.  

5. RESTful, Frontend Frameworks and other web services (e.g. Google Map API)
RESTful is an architecture use in systems. It is commonly the backbone of many web services for building APIs and communicating with the server. The methods used are GET/PUT/POST/DELETE. And for frontend frameworks, it helps developers to work faster. While there are many frameworks and packages everyday, it is better to be cautious when using packages as they might not be maintained, become out of date and break the applications. In general, in a production environment, I will usually stick to frameworks and packages that are well-maintained and usually backed by a company, e.g. react from Facebook. These packages have highly skilled engineers that to maintain and upgrade it. Open APIs have make web development richer and become part of an ecosystem. In general, if the API is something that could add value to the user and tap into a bigger ecosystem, making the application richer, it could be considered. However, most API has a call limit, so that could be something that needs to be managed.
